c:\users\buzzerd89\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\bin\Debug\PerkBotConsole.exe.config
c:\users\buzzerd89\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\obj\Debug\PerkBotConsole.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\buzzerd89\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\obj\Debug\PerkBotConsole.Resources.resources
c:\users\buzzerd89\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\obj\Debug\PerkBotConsole.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\buzzerd89\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\bin\Debug\PerkBotConsole.exe
c:\users\buzzerd89\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\bin\Debug\PerkBotConsole.pdb
c:\users\buzzerd89\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\bin\Debug\PerkBotConsole.xml
c:\users\buzzerd89\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
c:\users\buzzerd89\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\buzzerd89\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\buzzerd89\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\buzzerd89\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\buzzerd89\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\buzzerd89\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\buzzerd89\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\buzzerd89\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\buzzerd89\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\buzzerd89\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\users\buzzerd89\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\buzzerd89\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\obj\Debug\PerkBotConsole.exe
c:\users\buzzerd89\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\obj\Debug\PerkBotConsole.xml
c:\users\buzzerd89\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\obj\Debug\PerkBotConsole.pdb
C:\Users\BUZZERD89\Desktop\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\bin\Debug\PerkBotConsole.exe.config
C:\Users\BUZZERD89\Desktop\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\obj\Debug\PerkBotConsole.exe
C:\Users\BUZZERD89\Desktop\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\obj\Debug\PerkBotConsole.xml
C:\Users\BUZZERD89\Desktop\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\obj\Debug\PerkBotConsole.pdb
C:\Users\BUZZERD89\Desktop\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\bin\Debug\PerkBotConsole.exe
C:\Users\BUZZERD89\Desktop\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\bin\Debug\PerkBotConsole.pdb
C:\Users\BUZZERD89\Desktop\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\bin\Debug\PerkBotConsole.xml
C:\Users\BUZZERD89\Desktop\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
C:\Users\BUZZERD89\Desktop\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\BUZZERD89\Desktop\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
C:\Users\BUZZERD89\Desktop\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
C:\Users\BUZZERD89\Desktop\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
C:\Users\BUZZERD89\Desktop\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
C:\Users\BUZZERD89\Desktop\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
C:\Users\BUZZERD89\Desktop\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\BUZZERD89\Desktop\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
C:\Users\BUZZERD89\Desktop\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
C:\Users\BUZZERD89\Desktop\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
C:\Users\BUZZERD89\Desktop\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
C:\Users\BUZZERD89\Desktop\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\obj\Debug\PerkBotConsole.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\BUZZERD89\Desktop\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\obj\Debug\PerkBotConsole.Resources.resources
C:\Users\BUZZERD89\Desktop\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\obj\Debug\PerkBotConsole.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\BUZZERD89\Desktop\PerkBotConsole\PerkBotConsole\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Audio.dll
